feat: add C implementation for `math/base/special/heaviside` (#6972)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/heaviside/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/heaviside.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_heaviside( x, continuity )

Evaluates the [Heaviside function][heaviside-function].

```c
double y = stdlib_base_heaviside( 0.0, STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_HALF_MAXIMUM );
// returns 0.5

y = stdlib_base_heaviside( 0.0, STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_LEFT_CONTINUOUS );
// returns 0.0
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **x**: `[in] double` input value.

> -   **continuity**: `[in] STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY` continuity option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **continuity**: `[in] STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY` continuity option.
```

The `continuity` parameter may be one of the following values:

-   `STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_HALF_MAXIMUM`: if `x == 0`, the function returns `0.5`.
-   `STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_LEFT_CONTINUOUS`: if `x == 0`, the function returns `0.0`.
-   `STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_RIGHT_CONTINUOUS`: if `x == 0`, the function returns `1.0`.
-   `STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_DISCONTINUOUS`: if `x == 0`, the function returns `NaN`.

> If not provided a valid `continuity` parameter, the function returns `NaN` for `x == 0`, behaving like the discontinuous case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If provided a `continuity` argument which is not one of the enumeration constants listed above, the function returns `NaN` for `x == 0`, behaving like the discontinuous case.
```

-   `STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_RIGHT_CONTINUOUS`: if `x == 0`, the function returns `1.0`.
-   `STDLIB_BASE_HEAVISIDE_CONTINUITY_DISCONTINUOUS`: if `x == 0`, the function returns `NaN`.

> If not provided a valid `continuity` parameter, the function returns `NaN` for `x == 0`, behaving like the discontinuous case.

Author: Does this line look correct then?

Reviewer: Did you confirm that C allows the continuity parameter to be a value other than an allowed enum value?

Author: @kgryte It behaves like the discontinuous case if you pass a number (other than 0,1,2,3), say, `-1` as the continuity parameter. If you pass something like `FOO`, it throws an error: *use of undeclared identifier 'FOO'*.
